#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-unit.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charmed-kubeflow-chisme==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cosl==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
coverage==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
deepdiff==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lightkube
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   serialized-data-interface
lightkube==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
lightkube-models==1.29.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lightkube
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
oci-image==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
ops==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
    #   cosl
    #   serialized-data-interface
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
packaging==24.0
    # via pytest
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-unit.in
    #   pytest-lazy-fixture
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-lazy-fixture==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cosl
    #   lightkube
    #   ops
    #   serialized-data-interface
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   serialized-data-interface
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
serialized-data-interface==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   anyio
    #   cosl
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ops
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-resources
